Update 92-appendixB.Rmd (#404)
moderndive/ModernDive_book: 92-appendixB.Rmd

#### Test statistic {-}

> The test statistic is a random variable based on the sample data.  Here, we want to look at a way to estimate the population proportion $\pi$.  A good guess is the sample proportion $\hat{P}$.  Recall that this sample proportion is actually a random variable that will vary as different samples are (theoretically, would be) collected.  We are looking to see how likely is it for us to have observed a sample proportion of $\hat{p}_{obs} = `r p_hat`$ or larger(less?) assuming that the population proportion is 0.80 (assuming the null hypothesis is true).  If the conditions are met and assuming $H_0$ is true, we can standardize this original test statistic of $\hat{P}$ into a $Z$ statistic that follows a $N(0, 1)$ distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test statistic is a random variable based on the sample data.  Here, we want to look at a way to estimate the population proportion $\pi$.  A good guess is the sample proportion $\hat{P}$.  Recall that this sample proportion is actually a random variable that will vary as different samples are (theoretically, would be) collected.  We are looking to see how likely is it for us to have observed a sample proportion of $\hat{p}_{obs} = `r p_hat`$ or more extreme assuming that the population proportion is 0.80 (assuming the null hypothesis is true).  If the conditions are met and assuming $H_0$ is true, we can standardize this original test statistic of $\hat{P}$ into a $Z$ statistic that follows a $N(0, 1)$ distribution.
```
